#summary How and why to donate
#labels Featured

= Why to donate? =

Donations are welcome in the following way:
  * Donate *knowledge* - It's hard to find lately and I love it. Sharing knowledge is one of the best ways to please me :)
  * Donate *time* - Donate your free time to this or other free projects. This way you donate not only to me, but to the whole community.
  * Donate *money*:
    * *Projects* -  You have a favorite free application, which you use? You could donate to the author so he could spend less time trying to feed himself and more time developing your application.
   * *Charity* - The world we live in is not the best place. Donating to charities saves lives!

= How to donate? =

If you like the work done here and are unable to donate time or knowledge (or want to do more), donate to *[http://www.save-darina.org/ Save Darina]* project or any other project fighting with cancer, AIDS, deceases or poverty. Since I'm from Bulgaria - projects which address local problems are preferred. You could also donate money to FSF (Free Software Foundation) [https://www.fsf.org/associate/support_freedom/donate/index_html here]. I'm supporter and user of free software and by donating to FSF you help me too.

If you would like to personally support me - buy me a beer or help me cover my electricity bills using the [https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=mspasov%40gmail%2ecom&item_name=iPhone%20Patch%20Donation&no_shipping=1&cn=Have%20something%20to%20share%3f&tax=0&currency_code=EUR&lc=BG&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF&charset=UTF%2d8 PayPal] or [https://www.epay.bg/?PAGE=paylogin&MIN=1152538290&TOTAL=2.00&DESCR=%C4%E0%F0%E5%ED%E8%E5%20%E7%E0%20iPhone%2Dpatch&URL_OK=http%3A%2F%2Fcode%2Egoogle%2Ecom%2Fp%2Fiphone%2Dpatch&URL_CANCEL=http%3A%2F%2Fcode%2Egoogle%2Ecom%2Fp%2Fiphone%2Dpatch ePay]. Every cent will be greatly appreciated.

*Thank you!*